projects/GladeCookBook has a folder for each part

Glade needs GTK (GTK is also called the GIUMP toolkit)

To get GTK: sudo apt-get install libgtk-3-dev

To use, the makefile needs:

LIBS = `pkg-config --libs gtk+3.0`
CFLAGS = `pkg-config --cflags gtk+3.0`

Library is installed at:
/usr/include/gtk-3.0/gtk

Include: #include <gtk/gtk.h>

ref: https://raspberry-projects.com/pi/programming-in-c/gui-programming-in-c/gtk/installing-gtk

Part 1:

To get glade: udo apt-get install glade

A Glade item will show up in the Programming menu.

To use:

YouTube series starts at watch?v=g-KDOH_uqPk

Create a new project (upper left next to Open)
Widget tree is on the left, layout center, parameters on left.
From "Toplevels" select GtkWindow.
Add a continer(s) from "Containers" to hold items. GtkFixed gives a fixed grid container.
Drag a GtkButton from "Control"

In general tab add the ID to be used in the program. Packing tabv sets the position.
Common tab sets the size.

Add a GTKLabel from the display menu. Size it using "Common".
IN "General" edit text attributes. Pick foreground color and font description
Remove the label and add an ID using "General". Can add tooltip in "Common" to show on mouse over.
Can add tooltip tp button too.

Set "Signals" for the button. Slect "Clicked" In <type here> typing just "on" selects a default name:
on_button1_clicked. To select, click on name then hit enter.

Part1 - Window with a button and a text box
Part2 - Add graphis to button in Glade under General/Button Content
either Stock Button or Add Custom Content
Stock button just shows text, clicking "Always Show Image" shows icon and text
Use "Add Custom Content" to put an image in the button, drag a GTKImage
to the button area after selecting "Add Custom Content" then stock
icons show just the icon (need to adjust size)
Part3 - Radio Buttons. DO NOT DRAG. Click on GTKRadioButton then on the window
to place it. After the usual, buttons need to be in a group in "General"
Part 4 - Check boxes
Part 5 - Toggle button and spin button. Toggle button is nothing new. Spin is
different. In "General" click the pencil in "Adjustment" and slect "New".
The adjustment box will fill with "adjustment1" and a new item shows up in the
tree. Clickin in the tree brings up a window to set the adjustment values,
It is adjusted by the + or - or by the mouse wheel in the number area of the
spin button. No signal is attached to the spin here but lots of signals are
available to take action when it changes.
Part 6 - Slider switch and combo box. His slider defaults to off/on labels.
I can find no way to add 
Part 7 - Combo box. He leaves a LOT of details out here:
a) Create a combo box, easy, drop down "Control" and pick it.
b) Create a GtkListStore, it is NOT in any of the standard areas but is in 
the little drop down arrow right of the "Display"
c) In the list store, set the column type (usually gchararray) name the column.
Apparently there can be multiple columns. Next, add rows to the list and
edit each row clicking on the pencil on the right.
d) In the combo "General" set the list store ID in the Tree Model box by
clicking the pencil and selecting it.
Check "Has Entry" and Set Entry Text Column to 0. 
e) Eventually, magically, much, much, later than he says, a GtkEntry will
appear below the combo box. When that eventually shows, stuff works.
f) The entry not the combo box contains the default box text as placeholder
text in "General". This contains the icon too. DO not use the "Stock Icon" he
uses. Instead use "Primary Icon Name" to select.
OK AFTER ALL THIS AT 3:53 HE ACTUALLY SHOWS HOW  
Signals are available for both entry and combo box. In the combo box the changed
needs additional data, namely entry1. CLick on the user data pencil to sleect. 
Don't need both.
Part 8 - Colors and File Chooser. 
PArt 9 - Scroll bars. Volume seems to set up automatically. Scroll bar gets
one of those magic "Adjustments" To get the magic adjustment, Go to General>
Scrollbar Attributes>Adjustment. Click on the pencil, select new. Then
click on the new adjustment that pops up in the tree and set it up.
Signal is under Scrollbar not adjustment.
THe override color and dynamic range adjustment do not work.
Other places say the color is now set through css.
Part 10 - Stack. Has pages set number in General. Need switcher to operate
Must connect switcher to stack in General. Add a fixed container to a page
Title will show in the switcher. To get to the next page, click twice on
the page selector then select the Stack in the tree at left.
Can cut and paste previous widgets into the GtkFixed boxes.
The switcher does not require any C it runs on its own.
The stack also allows transitions between pages.
